Net::Pcap-0.01

This is a very first release of a SWIG generated Perl5 Module which
uses Van Jacobsen's libpcap for packet capture on Ethernet like
interfaces. You do not need SWIG to install this module, (though it's
highly recommended for anyone developing this sort of code). You *do*
need libpcap v0.3 or above, available from

ftp://ftp.ee.lbl.gov/libpcap.tar.Z

You will, of course need an OS with a packetfilter that pcap
understands, and support for that filter needs to be configured into
your kernel. Read the docs for libpcap and your OS.

Don't try to install Net::Pcap until you have installed libpcap
somewhere on your system.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Done that? Right, back in the Pcap-0.01 directory,

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test
make install

Net::Pcap was designed so that the libpcap functions loop and dispatch
can run Perl5 CODE refs as callbacks to process the packets as they
are captured with all the nice pattern matching facilities of PERL.
The programming interface is Alpha - i.e. subject to change without
notice, though in fact most of it is strongly dictated by pcap itself,
and hence unlikely to change much.

The package was originally developed for the specific purpose of
tracking IP addresses on a University network by tracking ARP
broadcast packets. The current version of this script is arpmon, but
this requires the Msql database, and a table structure like
Cranfield's, so it's just an example, don't expect it to run.

There is an example script, packetdump, which does not attempt to
emulate the lbl tcpdump, but is a basic demonstration of handling
packets. This should run OK as soon as Pcap is installed
successfully. You will probably need to be root on your system to get
access to the packetfilter; if you are unprivileged, you'll see 

Operation not permitted at packetdump line 117.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

p.lister@cranfield.ac.uk 26-Aug-1997
